README.md, before:

# 6 Hour Challenge

Improve the *White Blood Cell* mobile game in 6 hours.

## Time Log

Challenge start: Wednesday, February 22nd 2023 @ 12:30PM EST

## Plans

After briefly playtesting the game, I have already come up with a few changes I'd like to make to the game:

- Changes to game mechanics:
    - Make Viruses eat the Red Blood Cells instead of having them be idle.
    - If a Virus consumes a Red Blood Cell, a score penalty is applied.
    - Consuming Viruses could extend the player's momentum.
    - Turn system overhaul:
        - Change the turns system to use an analog bar instead of a fixed number of turns.
        - Make the turns bar deplete on its own to disincentivize camping/farming.
    - Boost system overhaul:
        - Display boost direction and force as the player charges the boost
        - Apply drag to player movement
        - The longer a boost is charged for, the more of the turn bar is depleted
- Fixes/improvements:
    - [Complete] Fix UI canvases to properly scale dynamically.
    - Replace UI assets.
    - Add juice to players consuming Viruses/Red Blood Cells.

Commit message:

First checkpoint
- Renamed scripts (ScoreCollector.cs -> Virus.cs, MovementCollector.cs -> RedBloodCell.cs)
- Overhauled turn system and most of the boost system
- Viruses eat RBCs
- Viruses apply a score penalty when they consume a RBC
- Overhauled UI, fixed layout and replaced sprites/fonts
- Created entity burst spawn mechanism (instead of one at a time)
- Energy consumption preview in movement bar
- Created PhysicsMaterial for consistent bounces

README.md, after:

# 6 Hour Challenge

Improve the *White Blood Cell* mobile game in 6 hours.

## Time Log

| Event             | Date      | Time          |
|-------------------|-----------|---------------|
|Challenge start    | 2023/2/22 | 12:30PM EST   |
|Initial commit     | 2023/2/22 | 01:00PM EST   |
|First checkpoint   | 2023/2/22 | 01:00PM EST   |

## Plans

After briefly playtesting the game, I have already come up with a some changes that I'd like to make to the game:

- Changes to game mechanics:
    - [x] Make Viruses eat the Red Blood Cells instead of having them be idle.
    - [x] If a Virus consumes a Red Blood Cell, a score penalty is applied.
    - [ ] Consuming Viruses could extend the player's momentum.
    - Turn system overhaul:
        - [x] Change the turns system to use an analog bar instead of a fixed number of turns.
        - [x] Make the turns bar deplete on its own to disincentivize camping/farming.
    - Boost system overhaul:
        - [ ] Display boost direction and force as the player charges the boost.
        - [x] Apply drag to player movement.
        - [x] The longer a boost is charged for, the more of the turn bar is depleted.
- Fixes/improvements:
    - [x] Fix UI canvases to properly scale dynamically.
    - [ ] Add juice to players consuming Viruses/Red Blood Cells.
    
## Unplanned Extra Features

The following features were added during the 6 hour window which weren't originally planned, but either came up organically during the development process or were deemed necessary while playtesting:

- Replace UI assets.
- Font change throughout the UI (now using [Indestructible Type](https://indestructibletype.com/)'s [Gnomon](https://indestructibletype.com/Gnomon.html) font).
- Spawn enemies in bursts with delay inbetween each enemy in the burst.
- Preview the amount of energy that will be consumed in the movement bar.
